Thus far.
We worked on a shopping list and we all stayed in the winner and how to add the store def tools and
the router store.
Time to tackle the final part or area of our application.
The recipe's module.
Now the interesting thing about the recipes is that we actually load them laser early as you can tell
by the route in our app routing module which means this module is only loaded into code related to this
module.
If the wizard or recipe's route now we have a pre-loading strategy here which might loaded in advance
but it's still not loaded at the point of time.
Our whole application starts this has one important implication.
Do you know which Well think about how we manage our global application state in app module we set up
our store module and point to the reducers in the store it app reducers file where we basically bundle
up our application state from the different pieces of state we have in a different reducers.
False.
Now if one part of our state namely the recipe's part is loaded leisurely That means that we can't include
it in our application state at the point of time our application bootstraps because the code simply
isn't there.
That's no issue though DNG or X package has features or has functionality has to deal with that situation
and to actually dynamically inject a state into our global application state.
If a certain module or portion of our application is loaded lousily we can easily take advantage of
that.
So lets start by going back to recipes and create a new directory to store directory there.
Now in there all at my good old recipe reducers dot TS fall because I want to store my recipe.
Reduce or stare and the relevant state for that.
So nothing spectacular or new about that in there as before all export a function which I'll name recipe
reducer like this and later I'll add my reducers stare dysfunctional get a state in an action and you
know it will return a state and later we will add a switch states which case statement.
But for now I want to also export my local state schools quickly steal that from my off reducers the
interface state and the initial state.
So let's quickly dump that into our recipe reducer and here the state actually will look a bit different.
Let's have a look at the recipe service to understand what is part of our recipe state.
At least for now.
No recipe service.
We got one important piece of information.
Our array of recipes.
So this is probably part of our initial state and in general something which is important for us because
we get to set the recipes get recipes add an update and delete recipe Meffert So everything is related
to this recipe's array.
So why don't we just copy that over to a recipe reducer and added to our initial state here.
Remove this type assignment and assign the value for a colon instead.
Now I also will adjust my interface and there I'm clear about what's inside the state.
It's a recipe's property which is of type recipe.
We need to add this import from our recipe model and to be precise it's a recipe array.
Now does recipe initial state year is in line with that.
However it's missing the ingredient model import.
So let's add this import to.
Now we're importing recipes from the recipe maudlin ingredient from the ingredient model.
And with that we get an initial state with our dummy recipes and this is the state I want to work with
in this module.
This is one semi-colon too much though.
So with that I can say that the state we get a year will be equal to initial state at the beginning.
And regarding reaction.
Well here we need to be clear about which type of action we'll have.
We have a look at the store in the off module there.
We simply use our of actions.
So we'll have to define some actions for the reducer here.
But before we do that though let's register it in our global app state.
And as I mentioned this is kind of difficult because it's loaded.
Lazily Well it's not too difficult though.
We can simply add a new export here since this is also the whole feature we're talking about which will
name feature state.
You could also name it recipes state your name it recipes and this will be my state here.
So this is pretty similar to the app reducer we used in our whole app.
We have an app state where I map description a name shopping list or off to a certain state from one
of the reducer faults from the shopping list reducer already offered user.
Now I'm doing the same here I'm creating a new interface I'll name it feature state because it's not
for the whole app only for a feature of that app and it's here for my recipes feature and a map the
state here too it just turns out to also have a recipe's property which relates to my recipe's array.
But the overall feature is also called recipe's So that is why I have it here too.
With that I can go to my recipe's module and here it now becomes interesting.
I'll still add my store module here and you need to import dat from at Angi our XT stores.
So make sure to add this import here to your recipe's module and if you add a disk to store module to
the rest of his module you can go down to the store monohull in your imports array.
And there you should call not for root but for feature.
Because now we're adding a feature.
And what this will do behind the scenes is it tells Engy our X to add disk reducer and its state to
the global application state and map off road users one stays component or once this lazy loaded module
here has been added to our application.
So here of course we have to point to our state though or to be precise just as in the App Store and
the producer excuse me the app module.
Here we point to a map of all the reducers we want to add.
We do the same here now today's method here we need to pass something and does something.
First of all is a name of our future name it recipes.
Next we have to add our reducers So here this will simply relate to my recipe reducer which can be imported
from this slash or recipe reducers fall here in the recipes folder.
There is a further argument where you can pass additional configuration which you won't really need
for this year though.
So this setup should work fine.
Now it will dynamically inject this recipe's state and the reducers into the global state.
Once this was loaded using our reducers set up here and we can later use the feature state if we want
to inject this state and conveniently access it.
So now with that set up let's continue working on our feature state on the recipe's state and the reducers
and let's next set up some actions we will need.